1. Write a query to list the names (first and last) of those employees whose name starts with A.

2. Write a query to list the names (first and last) of those employees whose last name ends with a.

3. Write a query to list the names (first and last) of those employees whose name have second alphabet 's' in their names.

4. Write a query to list the names (first and last) of those employees whose first name has only five characters.

5. Write a query to list the names (first and last) of those employees whose first name has only five characters and starts with 'A'.

6. Write a query to list the names (first and last) of those employees whose first name has only five characters and last name have third alphabet ends with 's'.

7. Write a query to list the names (first and last) of the employees whose first name has only five characters and starting with 'S' and ending with 'n'.

8. Write a query to list the names (first and last), hire date of those employees who joined in the month of which second character is 'u'.

9. Write a query to list the names (first and last), salary of those employees whose salary is four digit number ending with Zero.

10. Write a query to list the names (first and last), salary of those employees whose names having a character set 'll' together.

11. Write a query to list first_name, last_name of employees with the pattern 'l_x' in their first name.

12. Display the first name in lower case and last name in upper case, for all employees whose employee number is in the range between 80 and 150.

13. Display the first name and last name for all employees whose family name is King, perform this exercise with a case-insensitive search (regardless of the capitalization used for the values within last name column).

14. Generating new email address
	- For each employee, display the first name, last name, and email address. The email address will be composed from the first letter of first name, concatenated with the three first letters of last name, concatenated with @oracle.com.
	- For each employee, display the first name, last name, and email address. The email address will be composed from the first letter of first name, concatenated with the three last letters of last name, concatenated with @oracle.com.
